update Terminus management with TermiPass (#56)
beclab/docs: docs/how-to/termipass/manage-terminus.md

1. On the **Wi-Fi configuration** page, tap the Wi-Fi connection listed under **Phone network**.
2. Enter the Wi-Fi password if prompted and confirm the connection.
3. Once connected, the Wi-Fi network appears in the **Available connections** list. Tap the Wi-Fi connection, and Terminus will switch to the wireless network. Terminus status changes to "IP changing". 
4. When the status returns to **Terminus Running**, the switch is complete. The process may take about 5 minutes.

::: tip NOTE
If your Terminus is activated via a wireless connection, you can switch to the wired connection directly from the **Available connections** list.
:::

### Switch to a different network

If your Terminus device is connected to a new network, you will need to configure the IP address in the TermiPass app:

1. Connect your phone to the new network and launch Terminus.
2. Open the TermiPass app and go to the **Terminus management** page. TermiPass will scan the local network and detect the Terminus device. At this time, the device status is **IP changing**.
3. Once the IP address change is complete, the system status returns to **Terminus Running**. This process may take 10-15 minutes.

> ## Remote control your Terminus

Reviewer: Consider clarifying the actual result of the remote control. For example: "If your Terminus is installed on a Linux device, initiating a restart or shutdown through TermiPass will physically reboot or power off the Linux device."

> ## Remote control your Terminus

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Remotely control your Terminus
```

In the top-right corner of the **Terminus management** page, there is a power icon. Tap it to perform the following remote operations:

![Remote Control](/images/how-to/termipass/remote_control.png)

- **Restart Terminus**: Tap to restart the Terminus device. The system status will display the **Restarting** status before returning to the running status. This process takes 5-10 minutes.

> - **Shutdown Terminus**: Tap to shut down the device. The system will display the **Terminus is powered off** message. You will need to manually power it back on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Shutdown Terminus**: Tap to shut down the device. The system will display the **Terminus is powered off** message. You will need to manually power it back on.
```
The system or TermiPass? Or we could use "the **Terminus management** page".

Reviewer: Or
```suggestion
- **Shutdown Terminus**: Tap to shut down the device. Once powered off, the status will display **Terminus is powered off**. You will need to manually power it back on.
```

::: tip NOTE
- During shutdown or restart, the connection may be temporarily lost. The system will display “Terminus not found” before switching to the correct status.
- Manual shutdown will only show the **Terminus not found** page.
:::

> ## Restore to Factory Settings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Restore to factory settings
```

::: warning IMPORTANT
This action will uninstall the system and permanently delete all user accounts and related data!
:::

![Restore to Factory Settings](/images/how-to/termipass/restore_to_factory.png)

To uninstall Terminus:

1. In the **Terminus management** page, tap **Restore to factory settings**.
2. Confirm the risk warning and enter your Terminus password.
3. Wait for the uninstallation to complete. You will return to the Terminus Name login page after that.

## View resource consumption

You can view the resource consumption of Terminus in **TermiPass > Settings**.

![Resource Consumption](/images/how-to/termipass/resource.jpg)

## VPN Connection

To enhance security when accessing Terminus remotely, enable the private network via TermiPass.

![VPN Connection](/images/how-to/termipass/vpn.jpg)

> - **Enable Private Network on TermiPass Mobile**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Enable private network using TermiPass mobile app**:
```

>   1. Open the TermiPass app and go to **Settings > Account**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  1. Open the TermiPass app and go to **Settings** > **Account**.
```

  2. Toggle the switch in the account management page to enable the private network.

> - **Enable Private Network on TermiPass Desktop**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Enable private network on TermiPass desktop app**:
```

  1. Open the TermiPass app and click the profile icon in the upper left corner.
  2. In the popup panel, select **Enable private network connection**.

Once enabled, all access to Terminus, whether via the TermiPass app or a web browser, will be routed through the private network.

> ## Learn Connection Status

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Understand connection status
```

> TermiPass displays the connection status of your account with **Terminus**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can verify how your account is connected to Terminus in TermiPass.
```
